Modify S6698&S6703&S6697: Add a warning against default values (#3121)
SonarSource/rspec: shared_content/secrets/fix/default.adoc

**Never hard-code secrets, not even the default values**

> It is important that you do not hard code secrets, even for default ones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is important that you do not hard-code secrets, even default values.
```

First, hard-coded default secrets are often short and can be easily compromised

> by attackers who do not have access to the code base.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
even by attackers who do not have access to the code base.
```
